I signed this contract.
Tell me about it
Who is behind this?
Terminated the contract with our Xingyue
It's the Li Li family
Li Hongye
Liu Tianhu is a very patient dog.
You go and draft a contract for the acquisition of Ruiguang Group
Don't make the acquisition public yet.
Otherwise, the Li family will not let us go.
We are on the same boat now.
What to do and what not to do
I think you should be clear
Line
I know I know I know
Raymond Lam
Your company has a female anchor named Lan Yuebing, right?
She seems to have accidentally lost her way.
Lost my way here
Do you want to take her home?
Raymond Lam Save Me
I've heard that Xingyue Media has two flowers
One is the gentle goddess Li Feier
There is another one for you
Gaoling Flower Lanyue Pavilion
See you today
It really lives up to its reputation